Classmate Lin Uncle Lin
You go to the lobby and wait a moment
I have notified Mr. Yang.
He'll come pick you up in person
Thank you Secretary Zhang
Let's go down the mountain and sit for a while
Ouch, look at this coffee table
Huang Liang
Can see my face
So beautiful oops
Why can't I wipe this kind of table?
Don't wipe it, we can't afford to break it.
What are you doing?
cut
Is that all you can do? Get out! Get up!
Come on! What are you doing?
I said where did the sour taste come from?
Here's the result.
Yunting Hotel is also where you came from
Sister-in-law, so you are the lobby manager here?
Who is your sister-in-law?
Don't mistake relatives
My sister has been taking you off for years
Why can't I live?
Come to me to beg for food
We're not here to beg
I haven't seen my ex-niece in so many years
It's still the same mud that can't hold up the wall
A cripple
kick out
We're not here to make trouble.
We were invited to the Olympic Implementation Conference
Hahahaha
Olympic Implementation Conference
Do you know what the Olympics are?